Out there and everything happens for a reason
In our scheme of abbreviation is out there
Is
Oh
And happens for a reason
Is
Hage
I'm going to replace
Something is out there with something as though
And
Everything happens for a reason with everything is 8
The main connective of this sentence is the conjunction
The end
It's conjoining two sweeping generalizations
On the left hand side
We have some X
Is such that
Hex is how
Out there
And on the white right-hand side we have
Every why
Is such
B y happens for
For a reason
I could choose other variables here
What matters is not which variables I use
But which quantifier
Phrases
Buying twitch
Variables
Some Acts
Is
Backwards e x
And
Every why is upside down a y
And so that is my answer